reference: update the description about the `tidb_enable_table_partition` variable (#2258)
pingcap/docs: reference/configuration/tidb-server/tidb-specific-variables.md

### tidb_enable_table_partition

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: "on"
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the `TABLE PARTITION` feature.
    - `off` indicates disabling the `TABLE PARTITION` feature. In this case, the syntax that creates a partition table can be executed, but the table created is not a partitioned one.

>     - `on` indicates enabling the `TABLE PARTITION` feature for the supported partition type. Currently, it indicates enabling range partition and hash partition and range columns partition with the single column case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `on` indicates enabling the `TABLE PARTITION` feature for the supported partition types. Currently, it indicates enabling range partition, hash partition and range column partition with one single column.
```

>     - `auto` functions the same way as `on` does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Currently, `auto` has the same function as `on` does.
```
